what is up frozen Brett's iming / 444
and I have huge monstrous massive call
of duty news for you guys today as you
guys probably already know today is III
and with III comes a lot of video game
news and a lot of Call of Duty news so
if you're interested in any single game
but call of duty link in the description
for my second channel i'm literally
doing an overview of every single press
conference at e3 looking at every single
video game so check that link out in the
description if you're interested in any
game but Cod but this channel is for cod
and like I said I have some huge news
I've actually taken the day off to get
this news out for you because I knew
there was going to be a lot of Call of
Duty news coming and I literally think I
am the first person to get this up on
YouTube so if you could give me a like
for that that would be super super
greatly appreciated but let's get into
it the exclusivity deal between xbox and
call of duty is no longer there there
will no longer be early DLC on xbox and
a lot of things led up to this and a one
really really big thing made the final
decision that showed that there is no
longer an exclusivity deal so let's get
into looking at this so the first thing
actually came out when they were setting
up for e3 as you can see here on the
screen the top banner is from this
year's e3 there is no banner underneath
like the bottom screen was last year's
at e3 so for advanced warfare as you can
see there's the Xbox decals on the
poster whereas for black ops no more
xbox decals and no PlayStation decals
either that was really really big we
don't know whether they just gave up
that poster this year or not but still
it was a little bit of a hint then the
huge hint came today when during xboxes
press conference for every single year
since modern warfare 2 call of duty
stepped up on the Xbox stage gave a
little sh abeel and said the DLC will be
coming first on xbox one and xbox 360
this year not there no one stepped up on
stage no one came out and said that
which means the exclusivity deal is over
if it wasn't I guarantee you they would
be on that stage now the big question
comes is is there going to be an
exclusivity deal between PlayStation and
call of duty and I really really believe
there is not because first of all that
poster that i showed you know
playstation decals on their second of
all they've tweeted this yesterday two
days until the official start of III
2015 RT if you're ready to see some
hands on black ops 3 multi
player two days this came out on sunday
the street came out on Sunday but we
know III the press conferences are on
the Monday if they were coming out for a
press conference they would have said
one day not too it would have said one
day and they didn't which means that
they aren't coming out for any press
conference they are just going to be on
the show floor of e3 which means there
is no exclusivity deal that means DLC is
going to be coming to Xbox and
Playstation and PC for the first time
ever since modern warfare 2 that is
excellent that is awesome everyone's
going to be focused on the DLC at the
same time I think this is the best Call
of Duty news we have got so far so let
me know what you think of the comment
section below are you psyched for black
ops 3 i'm gonna have lots more black ops
3 multiplayer news coming to you this
week throughout III so stay tuned for
that thanks for watching guys until next
time Reese app